{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Hello Shutl!\
\
This is a compilation of the most interesting projects I\'92ve worked in for a few different companies in different years.It\'92s really ugly, I know, it\'92s probably not very practical but I;ve tried to be as quick as possible to have something, more than to show, to explain.\
\
 It\'92s been a few years since I killed my portfolio in an attempt of creating a new one using, obviously, the latest technologies, some of the latest trends etc.. to be able to show what kind of work I\'92m able to do as a professional. Silly me. \
\
Since I started in this profession I\'92ve seen how things change constantly, everyday, and the pace of these changes occurring has increased notably for the past 7 years. It is crazy sometimes, I have to admit, to read, discuss and share everything that happens in the dev community. I used to do that constantly in the past, but for the last 3 years I\'92ve been a little bit more relaxed about it. It is now again when I start being more active again, attending conferences, workshops and sharing experiences with other devs. The difference is, nowadays I\'92m more mature and I try to be more practical.\
\
So, between that and being busy working on things that were going to be applied to my daily work\'85no portfolio yet (that would live in ilovefrontend.com and iamcastillo.com) and that is just one of the personal projects I have in my to-do list, another one being the site for a friend\'92s music studio, ilkatron.com and the next in the list would be itgenderpaygap.com, a freshly bought domain waiting to host an online survey that will be sent to people in the it industry to gather data about their job and salary and then comparing, between men and women, to be able to see if there are major differences or any difference at all. The idea on this last project is me trying to go fullstack: using node.js, express or testify and mongoDB.\
\
Back to my professional experience, during more than 12 years I\'92ve worked in several different companies, each one within a different industry, and hence the variety of works and enviroments.\
\
Sadly, due to the nature of the works (short-term projects, advertising campaigns, etc\'85) many of them belong to business that don\'92t exist and are not online anymore, they have been rebuilt using different technologies that the ones we had when I first implemented them or they are projects that require registration to use them.\
\
For the purpose of being able to show something as a \'91portfolio\'92, I\'92ve tried then to compile screenshots, descriptions and clarifications about everything (a read me file for each company folder), but I\'92m afraid there won\'92t be much code to show. This is why I\'92m more than happy to complete any coding tests you may require.\
\
Thank you for reading and thank you for your time! :)\
\
Diana\
}