
Powerspace is an email advertising company in Barcelona, Spain.

The work in this company was a bit less challenging that I though it would be, although when it comes to be able to reach as much people as possible (meaning diverse email clients!) with email advertising…it can become quite challenging!

I was mainly implementing all the email newsletters and offers for all our clients (Yves Rocher, Photobox, Edarling, Vistaprint…) as well as developing the landing pages for those campaigns.

Strangely as it seems, I was doing responsive (good looking) emails (although we’ve always been able to do do that, somehow…) and so I made the landing pages responsive too.

Still using sass (scss notation), html, loads of in style css for the emails (tricks here and there), and some js for the landing pages.


Some AMAZING emails ( I know, is boring…)

http://e.psimg.net.s3.amazonaws.com/EDA/EDARLING/EDA_1211EDA_coupleB.html

http://e.psimg.net.s3.amazonaws.com/PAR/PARSHIP/1211/FR_PAR_PS1211coupleA.html

(these two had some cool dynamic stuff as a location map or different images depending on the campaign targeting)


http://e.psimg.net.s3.amazonaws.com/CH/UNMOISPARAN/1212/FR_CH_1211_Email.html

http://e.psimg.net.s3.amazonaws.com/EXP/FAMILLE/1210/FR_EXP_1211_PWS_Famille_3.html

http://e.psimg.net.s3.amazonaws.com/BAB/FREEREG/1211/ES_1211_Freeregister.html

http://e.psimg.net.s3.amazonaws.com/IPS/OPINION/1211/FR_IPS_1211_Opinion_workers.html

http://e.psimg.net.s3.amazonaws.com/SNA/XMAS/0312/SNA_FR_1211_100Tirages_Christmas-dynamic.html

http://e.psimg.net.s3.amazonaws.com/US/SETTLERS/1210/UB_FR_settlers_d.html


I’ve included some images for a few landing campaigns too, but i’m afraid those are not online anymore.

Also, I’ve attached the super quick site I made for the company. Me and the designer came up with something easy to implement, so there’s not much fancy stuff there. Some css3, hopefully a clean markup and not much js.
